### Development CI

The simplest of pipelines, will run and check the Unit tests in the plugin and in the end it will provide the PR the status of the tests.

Trigger: PR creation, PR Update

### Release CI

It will change extensibility of the plugin OML to this tag, update all the consumables, deploy from DEV to TST environment, build the apps, upload to sauce labs and trigger the UI tests pipelines and wait for their response.

Trigger: Tag creation

## Identified Problems

There is no way to know the MABS version that the build was build on right now. So when passing the version name to Sauce Labs the value will always be `MABS 7.0 Pipeline`. This will be changed in the future so the pipeline OML returns to us the verison.

### Configurations

There are some configurations that need to be taken care before running the release pipeline. This configurations will help the pipeline on tasks like finding the respective module, and consumables to build.

The configurations are:

## Module name

This will identify the main module to update the extensibility. It will change the extensibility to the correct branch/tag and update all the consumables of the module.

It can only have a single value.
Its automatically generated by the plugin template.

## Application Names

This will identify the application/modules that will be deployed from DEV to TST environment. This is important because the pipeline will check wich of this modules have setup mobile apps and run builds on them.

It can have multiple values, and multiple modules with apps.
Its automatically generated but more can be added or removed.

## Test Pipeline Args

# Plugin

The value that identifies the plugin in the UI Tests Pipeline. This variable needs to be checked/created in the UI Test Pipeline and added here. When the UI Tests pipeline runs it will run with the tests for this plugin.

It can only have one value.
Its not automatically generated, needs to be checked or created on UI Tests Pipelines variables.

# Threads

A value that identify the number of threads to run the UI Tests, this should be 2 or 3 usually.
And they might differ by plugin.

It can only have one string value representing a decimal number.
Its not automatically generated but as default it will be the value 3.

## Sauce Labs Info

This json object will have values for each sample app (modules with mobile apps configured). The sample app name must be also in the applicationNames configuration, and will have the keys needed for sauce labs.

# Android API Key - iOS API Key

This keys can be found on Sauce Labs.

Android
Legacy RDC -> Sample App Android platform -> top left corner settings wheels -> Appium -> Setup Instructions -> API Key

iOS
Legacy RDC -> Sample App iOS platform -> top left corner settings wheels -> Appium -> Setup Instructions -> API Key

Copy the key and insert inside the sample app object a sample app object should look like this:

```
"TestSampleApp": {
    "androidAPIKey": "0X0ASDAKEY",
    "iosAPIKey": "1X0ASDAKEY"
}
```